---
layout: post
title: Abstract Algebra - Ring
date: 2020-10-04
toc: true
categories:
    - Math
tags:
    - 数学
    - 群论
    - 抽象代数
    - 总结
---

# Ring

By a ring we mean a set $A$ with operations called addition and multiplication which satisfy the following axioms:

- $A$ with addition alone is an abelian group.
- Multiplication is associative.
- Multiplication is distributive over addition. That is, for all $a, b$ and $c$ in $A$, we have
    
    $$
    a(b+c) = ab + ac \\
    (b+c)a = ba + ca
    $$
    

<aside>
💡 When multiplication is communicative in a ring, we call that ring a **communicative ring**.

</aside>

<aside>
💡 When there is a neutral element for multiplication, then that neutral element is called the **unity** of the ring.

</aside>

## Basic Examples of Ring

- $\mathbb{Z}$ is the ring of the integers.
- $\mathbb{Q}$ is the ring of the rational numbers.
- $\mathbb{R}$ is the ring of the real numbers.
- $\mathbb{C}$ is the ring of the complex numbers.
- $\mathscr{F}(\mathbb{R})$ is the ring of real functions.

## Trivial Ring

A ring with only the zero element $\{ 0 \}$ is called the trivial ring.

## Divisor of Zero

In any ring, a nonzero element $a$ is called a **divisor of zero** (除数，零因子) if there is a nonzero element $b$ in the ring such that the product $ab$ or $ba$ is equal to zero. 

<aside>
💡 For example, 2 and 3 are divisors of zero in $\mathbb{Z}_6$.

</aside>

## Cancellation Property

A ring is said to have the cancellation property if

$$
ab = ac \text{ or } ba = ca \implies b = c
$$

for any elements $a, b, c$ in the ring and $a \neq 0$.

<aside>
💡 A ring has the cancellation property iff it has no divisors of zero.

</aside>

## Direct Product

If $A$ and $B$ are rings, their direct product is a new ring, denoted by $A \times B$, and defined as follows: $A \times B$ consists of all the ordered pairs $(x, y)$ where $x \in A$ and $y \in B$. Addition in $A \times B$ consists of adding corresponding components:

$$
(x_1, y_1) + (x_2, y_2) = (x_1 + x_2, y_1 + y_2)
$$

Multiplication in $A \times B$ consists of multiplying corresponding components:

$$
(x_1, y_1) \cdot (x_2, y_2) = (x_1y_1, x_2y_2)
$$

# Subring

If a nonempty subset $B \sube A$ is closed with respect to addition, multiplication, and negatives, then $B$ with the operations of $A$ is a subring of $A$.

# Ideal

A nonempty subset $B$ of a ring $A$ is called an ideal of $A$ if $B$ is closed with respect to addition and negative, and $B$ absorbs products in $A$.

<aside>
💡 $B$ absorbs products in $A$ if for all $b \in B$ and $x \in A$, $xb$ and $bx$ are in $B$.

</aside>

**Ideals are in rings as normal subgroups are in groups.**

## Principal ideal

In a commutative ring with unity, the set of all the multiples of a fixed element $a$ by all the elements in the ring

$$
xa
$$

is called the principal ideal generated by $a$, and is denoted by $\langle a \rangle$.

# Coset of Rings

Let $A$ be a ring, and $J$ an ideal of $A$. For any element $a \in A$, the symbol $J + a$ denotes the set of all sums $j + a$, as $a$ remains fixed and $j$ ranges over $J$. That is,

$$
J + a = \{ j + a: j \in J\}
$$

$J + a$ is called a coset of $J$ in $A$.

## Coset Addition and Multiplication

Additions and multiplications of coset of rings are as follows:

$$
(J + a)+(J + b) = J + (a+b) \\
(J + a)(J + b) = J + ab
$$

# Quotient Rings

$A/J$ with coset addition and multiplication is a ring, and it is called quotient ring.

<aside>
💡 $A/J$ is a homomorphic image of $A$.

</aside>

# Integral domains

An integral domain is defined to be a communicative ring with unity have the cancellation property.

## Characteristic

The characteristic of $A$ is the least positive integer $n$ such that

$$
\underbrace{1 + 1 + \cdots + 1}_{n  \text{ times }} = 0
$$

If there is no such positive integer $n$, $A$ has characteristic $0$.

### Theorem 1

All the nonzero elements in an integral domain have the same additive order.

<aside>
💡 which is equal to the characteristic of $1$. Since $n \cdot a = a + a + \cdots + a = (n \cdot 1)a$. Since $a \neq 0$, then $n \cdot 1 = 0$ makes $n \cdot a = 0$.

</aside>

### Theorem 2

In an integral domain with nonzero characteristic, the characteristic is a prime number.

### Theorem 3

In any integral domain of characteristic $p$, for all elements $a$ and $b$,

$$
(a+b)^p = a^p + b^p
$$

### Theorem 4

Every finite integral domain is a field.

## Ordered integral domain

An ordered inttegral domain is an integral domain $A$ with a relation, symbolized by $<$, having the following properties:

1. For any $a$ and $b$ in $A$, exactly one of the following is true: $a = b, a < b, a > b$.
2. If $a < b$ and $b < c$, then $a < c$.
3. If $a < b$, then $a + c < b + c$.
4. If $a < b$, then $ac < bc$ on the condition that $0 < c$.

## Integral System

An ordered integral domain $A$ is called an integral system if every nonempty subset of $A^+$ has a least element.

### Theorem 1

Let $K$ represent a set of positive integers. Consider the following two conditions:

1. $1 \in K$.
2. For any positive integer $k$, if $k \in K$, then $k + 1 \in K$.

If $K$ is any set of positive integers satisfying these two conditions, then $K$ consists of all the positive integers.

### Theorem 2: Principle of mathematical induction

1. $S_1$ is true.
2. For any positive integer $k$, if $S_k$ is true, then $S_{k+1}$ is true.

If conditions 1 and 2 are satisfied, then $S_n$ is true for every positive iinteger $n$.

### Theorem 3: Division algorithm

If $m$ and $n$ are integers and $n$ is positive, there exist unique integers $q$ and $r$ such that

$$
m = nq + r \text{ and } 0 \leq r < n
$$

<aside>
💡 We call $q$ the quotient, and $r$ the remainder, in the division of $m$ by $n$.

</aside>

## Factoring into Primes

### Theorem 1

Every ideal of $\mathbb{Z}$ is principal.

### Theorem 2

The only invertible elements of $\mathbb{Z}$ are 1 and -1.

<aside>
💡 A pair of integers $r$ and $s$ are called **associates** if they divide each other. If $r$ and $s$ are associates in $\mathbb{Z}$, then $r = \pm s$.

</aside>

### Theorem 3

Any two nonzero integers $r$ and $s$ have a greatest common divisor $t$. Furthermore, $t$ is equal to a "linear combination" of $r$ and $s$. That is

$$
t = kr + ls
$$

for some integers $k$ and $l$.

<aside>
💡 A **greatest common divisor** of $r$ and $s$ is an integer $r$ such that

(i) $t | r$ and $t|s$.
(ii) For any integer $u$, if $u | r$ and $u | s$, then $u | t$.

which is denoted by $t = \gcd(r, s)$

</aside>

### Composite number lemma

If a positive integer $m$ is composite, then $m = rs$ where

$$
1< r< m \text{ and } 1<s<m
$$

### Euclid's lemma

Let $m$ and $n$ be integers, and let $p$ be a prime. If $p | (mn)$, then either $p|m$ or $p|n$.

### Corollary 1

Let $m_1, \dots , m_t$ be integers, and let $p$ be a prime. If $p|(m_1 \cdots m_t)$, then $p|m_i$ for on of the factors $m_i$ among $m_1, \dots, m_t$.

### Corollary 2

Let $q_1, \dots, q_t$ and $p$ be positive primes. If $p | (q_1 \dots q_t)$, then $p$ is equal to one of the factors $q_1, \dots, q_t$.

### Factorization into primes

Every integer $n > 1$ can be expressed as a product of positive primes. That is, there are one or more primes $p_1, \dots, p_r$ such that

$$
n = p_1p_2 \cdots p_r
$$

And the factorization is unique.